Docs update and restructure (#4596)
mermaid-js/mermaid: packages/mermaid/src/docs/community/docker-development.md

---
prev:
  text: 'FAQ'
  link: 'config/faq'
next:
  text: 'Contributing Code'

>   link: '/community/code'

Reviewer: Would it be easier to just have the Docker instructions in the same file as the non-docker instructions?

E.g. something like:

```markdown
## Get the Source Code

## Technical Requirements

> The following documentation describes how to work with Mermaid in your host
> environment. There's also a
> [Docker installation guide](#docker-development) if you prefer to
> work in a Docker environment.

## Setup and Launch

### Switch to project

### Install packages

### Launch

## Verify Everything is Working

## Docker Development

> The following documentation describes how to work with Mermaid in a Docker
> environment. Go back to
> [Technical Requirements](#technical-requirements) if you want to
> to work in your host environment, without Docker.

### Docker Technical Requirements

### Make `./run` executable

### Install packages in Docker

### Launch in Docker

### Verify Everything is Working in Docker
```

Author: I don't know. In terms of supporting this - many be. But I think combining would rather distract readers. There are many similar parts inside, some phrases are repeated too. I'd rather stick to separate page instead of a long and bewildering one. I don't actually know. I am not a technical writer.

Reviewer: > I think I am the only one who develops it in Docker...

I'm generally using Docker too (well, `podman`, but from a user's perspective, Podman is pretty similar to Docker).

Although I'm currently running all the commands manually, which works pretty well, except for opening the Cypress GUI. It looks like the `./run` script handles Cypress pretty well, so the next time I need to debug a Cypress E2E test, I'll probably read your docs on how to get it working in Docker :smile:.

---

# Contributing to Mermaid via Docker

> > You can pick [Native](/community/development) or [Docker](/community/docker-development) installation guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The following documentation describes how to work with Mermaid in a Docker
> environment. There's also a
> [host installation guide](../community/development.md) if you prefer
> to work without a Docker environment.
```

Author: Fixed

So you want to help? That's great!

![Image of happy people jumping with excitement](https://media.giphy.com/media/BlVnrxJgTGsUw/giphy.gif)

Here are a few things to get you started on the right path.

## Get the Source Code

In GitHub, you first **fork** a repository when you are going to make changes and submit pull requests.

Then you **clone** a copy to your local development machine (e.g. where you code) to make a copy with all the files to work with.

[Fork mermaid](https://github.com/mermaid-js/mermaid/fork) to start contributing to the main project and its documentaion, or [search for other repositories](https://github.com/orgs/mermaid-js/repositories).

[Here is a GitHub document that gives an overview of the process.](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo)

## Technical Requirements

> > You can pick [Native](/community/development) or [Docker](/community/docker-development) installation guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The following documentation describes how to work with Mermaid in a Docker
> environment. There's also a
> [host installation guide](../community/development.md) if you prefer
> to work without a Docker environment.
```

Author: Fixed
